[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to this guided
lucid dreaming WILD meditation.
WILD stands for
wake-initiated lucid dreams,
initially developed by
Dr. Stephen LaBerge.
It is the practice of
keeping your mind awake
while your body falls asleep.
You can use this
recording during a nap,
at your regular bedtime, or five
hours into your sleep cycle.
In order to keep
your mind alert,
we will be playing around
in the hypnagogic state
and creating a dream scene
so that your focus stays
with you as your body
falls into a deep sleep.
So let's begin by relaxing.
Lie down or prop yourself
into a reclined position
and make yourself
nice and comfortable.
Take a deep breath
through your nose,
and exhale through your mouth.
Take another deep breath
through your nose,
and exhale once again
through your mouth.
Nice and easy.
Keep inhaling and exhaling
everything you no longer need.
You can visualize inhaling
light and allowing
it to fill your body and then
exhaling all the tension.
Find the natural
rhythm of your breath.
Slowly begin to feel a nice
warm energy around your feet.
You can imagine the
energy as a golden light
removing all tension
from your feet,
relaxing all the
muscles around each toe,
and making its way down through
the arc and into your heel.
The golden light moves
up to your ankles
releasing and renewing
all the muscles
as it moves up calves, knees,
all the tendons and muscles
in and around your
knees, as it continues
to travel up to your thighs
relaxing all the muscle
groups in your legs.
The energy is
soothing as it enters
your buttocks, pelvic
area, and lower abdomen,
releasing all tension
and just relaxing.
Your whole lower
body is now relaxed.
Keep breathing nice and
steady releasing tension
through your breath as
the warm golden energy
moves up into your upper body
entering your chest area,
and it feels so
good and peaceful.
The golden energy moves up
your back and spinal column
relaxing all the big
and small muscles
all the way up to your shoulders
and down to your arms, elbows,
wrists, hands, and fingers.
The golden energy now travels
up into your neck reaching
your chin, jaw, cheeks,
nose, and eyes, relaxing
all the muscles of your face.
It feels so good to
just let go and relax.
The warm golden
light now travels up
to your forehead and scalp.
You might feel a
tingling sensation
as the light flows
inside your head relaxing
your whole entire
head completely.
Now that your body is
completely relaxed,
it is time to take
a visual journey
through the
hypnagogic landscape.
These are the images that
can come spontaneously as you
begin to drift into dreamland.
It is what we begin to see
in the space between sleep
and wakefulness.
Look into the distance, into
the darkness of your eyes.
You might see a dot
or a tunnel of sorts.
Try traveling through this
space with your vision.
The imagery can begin
to transform and morph
into different
shapes and colors.
Allow your mind to
let go and co-create.
I will now count from 10
to 1, and when I reach 1,
your hypnagogic visions
will have increased.
10.
Feeling light and relaxed,
enjoying the journey.
9.
Feeling peaceful and calm.
8.
Your vision becomes
more and more focused.
7.
Allowing your mind
to trust and relax.
6.
Letting go and enjoying
the play with imagery.
5.
Feeling free and creative.
4.
Feeling joy and relaxation.
3.
You are ready to relax and
enjoy this visual journey.
2.
Feeling good and relaxed.
And 1.
Your dream vision is
now clearer than before.
This is the time to
begin visualizing
the dream you want to have.
Allow the imagery
to unfold, but also
begin to guide it a
little bit as well.
You may see
structures, landscapes,
or just colorful shapes.
It can look like a kaleidoscope
or a journey through a tunnel.
Begin to use your imagination
in order to further guide
and influence your mind,
and keep it active so
that you don't fall into sleep.
What sort of lucid dreams
would you like to experience?
Imagine all the
smells, tastes, touch.
Feel into the emotions as if
it was happening right now.
Take your time
forming an experience
you would like to have.
Really focus on the visuals, and
your emotions, and the reason
why you want to have
this type of lucid dream
in the first place.
Imagine your dream body
being able to experience
anything you want.
Do you want to fly?
Would you like to
meet your guides?
Or would you like to explore?
And what do you want to create?
Keep your mind awake
with these thoughts
as your body falls asleep.
Stay busy creating scenarios
that you might find enjoyable,
and keep your mind going further
and further into the dream
until you enter the dream.
Suddenly, you begin to notice
the dream's scene envelop
your awareness completely.
You are now in the dream.
You are moving
through the dream.
Your mind is still awake,
and yet you are dreaming.
Your body has fallen
asleep, while your awareness
stays awake.
And now, I will leave you with
a few affirmations that will
help you lucid-dream right now.
You are a lucid dreamer.
You are fully aware of
when you are dreaming.
You always wake up
within your dreams.
You are in full
control of your dream.
Your dream memory is perfect.
Your dream
consciousness is strong.
You are always
lucid when dreaming.
You are awake right
now in your dreams.
I am lucid-dreaming.
I am fully aware of
when I am dreaming.
I wake up inside my dream.
I lucid-dream easily
and effortlessly.
I can now lucid-dream
from this space.
I have now entered
my dream space.
I am conscious and
aware within my dream.
I have initiated my lucid
dream with this technique now.
The dream is surrounding me,
and I know I made it through.
I am now in my lucid dream.
I created my lucidity
through this technique.
My mind is awake and
my body is asleep.
My mind is lucid and focused
during my dream time.
I am a lucid dreamer.
I travel within my dreams.
I lucid-dream easily
and effortlessly.
I know how to lucid-dream now.
I enter the lucid dream space.
I am able to
lucid-dream, and well.
I enter my lucid
dreamscape smoothly.
Entering the dream with my
mind awake and body asleep
comes easily to me.
I have initiated
lucidity consciously.
I am lucid dreaming and
enjoying my journey now.
My mind is alert and focused
even when I am asleep.
I am enjoying the
lucid dreamscape now.
I can see shapes and
images forming now.
I am enjoying
lucidity right now.
You are a lucid dreamer.
You're fully aware of
when you're dreaming.
You always wake up
within your dreams.
You are in full
control of your dream.
Your dream memory is perfect.
Your dream
consciousness is strong.
You're always lucid
when dreaming.
You are awake right
now in your dreams.
I am lucid dreaming.
I am fully aware of
when I'm dreaming.
I wake up inside my dream.
I lucid-dream easily
and effortlessly.
I can now lucid-dream
from this space.
I have now entered
my dream space.
I am conscious and
aware within my dream.
I have initiated my lucid
dream with this technique now.
The dream is surrounding me
and I know I made it through.
I am now in my lucid dream.
I created my lucidity
through this technique.
My mind is awake, and
my body is asleep.
My mind is lucid and focused
during my dream time.
I am a lucid dreamer.
I travel within my dreams.
I lucid-dream easily
and effortlessly.
I know how to lucid-dream now.
I enter a lucid dream space.
I'm able to
lucid-dream, and well.
I enter my lucid
dreamscape smoothly.
Entering the dream with my
mind awake and body asleep
comes easily to me.
I have initiated
lucidity consciously.
I am lucid-dreaming and
enjoying my journey now.
My mind is alert and focused
even when I am asleep.
I am enjoying the
lucid dreamscape now.
I can see shapes and
images forming now.
I am enjoying
lucidity right now.
You are a lucid dreamer.
You are fully aware of
when you're dreaming.
You always wake up
within your dreams.
You are in full
control of your dream.
Your dream memory is perfect.
Your dream
consciousness is strong.
You're always lucid
when dreaming.
You are awake right
now n your dreams.
I am lucid-dreaming.
I am fully aware of
when I'm dreaming.
I wake up inside my dream.
I lucid-dream easily
and effortlessly.
I can now lucid-dream
from this space.
I have now entered
my dream space.
I am conscious and
aware within my dream.
I have initiated my lucid
dream with this technique now.
The dream is surrounding me,
and I know I made it through.
I am now in my lucid dream.
I created my lucidity
through this technique.
My mind is awake, and
my body is asleep.
My mind is lucid and focused
during my dream time.
I am a lucid dreamer.
I travel within my dreams.
I lucid-dream easily
and effortlessly.
I know how to lucid-dream now.
I enter the lucid dream space.
I am able to
lucid-dream, and well.
I enter my lucid
dreamscape smoothly.
Entering my dream with my
mind awake and body asleep
comes easily to me.
I have initiated
lucidity consciously.
I am lucid-dreaming and
enjoying my dream now.
My mind is alert and focused
even when I am asleep.
I am enjoying the
lucid dreamscape now.
I can see shapes and
images forming now.
I am enjoying
lucidity right now.
You are a lucid dreamer.
You are fully aware of
when you're dreaming.
You always wake up
within your dreams.
You are in full
control of your dream.
Your dream memory is perfect.
Your dream
consciousness is strong.
You're always lucid
when dreaming.
You are awake right
now in your dreams.
I am lucid-dreaming.
I am fully aware of
when I am dreaming.
I wake up inside my dream.
I lucid-dream easily
and effortlessly.
I can now lucid-dream
from this space.
I have now entered
my dream space.
I am conscious and
aware within my dream.
I have initiated my lucid
dream with this technique now.
The dream is surrounding me
and I know I made it through.
I'm now in my lucid dream.
I created my lucidity
through this technique.
My mind is awake and
my body is asleep.
My mind is lucid and focused
during my dream time.
I am a lucid dreamer.
I travel within my dreams.
I lucid-dream easily
and effortlessly.
I know how to lucid-dream now.
I enter the lucid dream space.
I am able to
lucid-dream, and well.
I enter my lucid
dreamscape smoothly.
Entering my dream with my
mind awake and body asleep
comes easily to me.
I have initiated
lucidity consciously.
I'm lucid-dreaming and
enjoying my journey now.
My mind is alert and focused
even when I am asleep.
I am enjoying the
lucid dreamscape now.
I can see shapes and
images forming now.
I am enjoying
lucidity right now.
[MUSIC PLAYING]